---


---

<hr>
<h2 id="title-ive-got-my-new-phoneimage-assetsimgblog5c741a1b26289859b80dc046-750-563.jpgdescription-i-came-into-saturday-march-30th-expecting-a-samsung-s8.-i-walked-out-of-the-store-with-a-samsung-s10e-and-an-otterbox-case-for-it.-its-a-great-device-and-will-be-used-for-testing-out-droidos-features.-ill-be-talking-about-androidos-a-possible-name-for-it-once-its-released-whats-on-my-phone-the-story-behind-this-phone-and-much-more.-enjoypublished-true">title: I’ve got my new phone!<br>
image: /assets/img/blog/5c741a1b26289859b80dc046-750-563.jpg<br>
description: &gt;<br>
I came into Saturday, March 30th, expecting a Samsung S8. I walked out of the store with a Samsung S10e and an Otterbox case for it. It’s a great device and will be used for testing out DroidOS features. I’ll be talking about AnDroidOS, a possible name for it once it’s released, what’s on my phone, the story behind this phone, and much more. Enjoy!<br>
published: true</h2>
<p>I came into Saturday, March 30th, expecting a Samsung S8. I walked out of the store with a Samsung S10e and an Otterbox case for it. It’s a great device and will be used for testing out DroidOS features. I’ll be talking about AnDroidOS, a possible name for it once it’s released, what’s on my phone, the story behind this phone, and much more. Enjoy!</p>
<h2 id="backstory">Backstory</h2>
<p>Around December last year, my OPPO A57 broke, and I returned to the iPhone 5s I had owned since August 2017. Shortly after this, I flew off to Melbourne to celebrate my grandmother’s 90th birthday. The night after that, my dad met up with a friend of his, Milenko, who he had known since high school (We’re originally from Melbourne). He invited dad and me out for dessert and he asked what phone I had. I told him I had an iPhone but I preferred Android and was looking to upgrade. He told me that this mother-in-law was going to be upgrading from a Pixel 2 to a Huawei Mate 20 and asked if I’d like the pixel. Of course I said yes.</p>
<p>But it wasn’t to be. He said that she’d changed her mind about upgrading. However, Milenko is a really generous man and he offered to buy me whatever phone I wanted when he flew out to Perth for a weekend. I’d been thinking of a Samsung S8, but that’s not what happened. He came over last Friday and on Saturday we went out shopping. We walked into a store and we talked about Pixels vs Samsung’s and I told him I was leaning towards a Samsung. We saw that the cheapest was an S9, and the cashier offered me a choice of S9+ with 64gb or an S9 with 256gb for the same price. I said that the S9 had a big enough screen and I would prefer more storage. They didn’t have any in stock, so we went to a few number of shops near JB Hi-Fi, but we didn’t find any and we eventually went with a white Samsung S10e.</p>
<h2 id="whats-on-my-phone">What’s on my Phone?</h2>
<h3 id="personal-apps">Personal Apps</h3>
<p>Let’s start with the personal apps that I have on my Phone. I want to talk about this because these apps I use almost on a daily basis.</p>
<h3 id="droidos-apps">DroidOS Apps</h3>
<h2 id="future-of-droidos">Future of DroidOS</h2>
<h3 id="naming">Naming</h3>
<h3 id="languages">Languages</h3>
<ul>
<li>C++</li>
<li>C</li>
<li>Python</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="games">Games</h3>
<h3 id="droid-controllers">Droid Controllers</h3>
<h3 id="acord-sites">ACORD Sites</h3>
<h3 id="educational">Educational</h3>
<h3 id="virtual-droid">Virtual Droid</h3>
<h3 id="archives-save-files-etc">Archives (save files, etc)</h3>

