---
title: I've got my new phone!
image: /assets/img/blog/5c741a1b26289859b80dc046-750-563.jpg
description: >
  I came into Saturday, March 30th, expecting a Samsung S8. I walked out of the store with a Samsung S10e and an Otterbox case for it. It's a great device and will be used for testing out DroidOS features. I'll be talking about AnDroidOS, a possible name for it once it's released, what's on my phone, the story behind this phone, and much more. Enjoy!
published: true
---

__Backstory__
Around December last year, my OPPO A57 broke, and I returned to the iPhone 5s I had owned since August 2017. Shortly after this, I flew off to Melbourne to celebrate my grandmother’s 90th birthday. The night after that, my dad met up with a friend of his, Milenko, who he had known since high school (We’re originally from Melbourne). He invited dad and me out for dessert and he asked what phone I had. I told him I had an iPhone but I preferred Android and was looking to upgrade. He told me that this mother-in-law was going to be upgrading from a Pixel 2 to a Huawei Mate 20 and asked if I’d like the pixel. Of course I said yes.

But it wasn’t to be. He said that she’d changed her mind about upgrading. However, Milenko is a really generous man and he offered to buy me whatever phone I wanted when he flew out to Perth for a weekend. I’d been thinking of a Samsung S8, but that’s not what happened. He came over last Friday and on Saturday we went out shopping. We walked into a store and we talked about Pixels vs Samsung’s and I told him I was leaning towards a Samsung. We saw that the cheapest was an S9, and the cashier offered me a choice of S9+ with 64gb or an S9 with 256gb for the same price. I said that the S9 had a big enough screen and I would prefer more storage. They didn’t have any in stock, so we went to a few number of shops near JB Hi-Fi, but we didn’t find any and we eventually went with a white Samsung S10e.


## What's on my phone?
### Personal Apps
Lets start with the personal apps that I have on my Phone. I want to talk about this because these apps I use almost on a daily basis.
#### Social Media
* Twitter
* Facebook
* Instagram
* Reddit
* Discord
* Snapchat

#### Games
* Dream League Soccer
* Score! Hero
* Dragonvale
* Terragenesis
* Bouncy Hoops
* One Football

### DroidOS Apps
### Future of DroidOS
### Naming
### Languages
* C++
* Python
* HTML

### Games
#### Terragenesis
Terragenesis, developed by Edgeworks entertainment, is a space colonization game available for AnDroidOS and iDroidOS. In Terragenesis you pick a planet (for example Mars), and research technology that is used to make your planet more liveable, for example oxygen generators.

The application is really nicely designed and will provide an inspiration for our application. For example, the menu system of Terragenesis will be copied into the DroidOS app. Once you’ve opened a planet in Terragenesis, you see the current state of the planet (for example, a green, lush globe), and this will also be used in the app. See the droid controller section for more.

### Droid Controllers
Once youve opened the droid control part of the app, you’ll be able to select which model of Droid you want to control (including virtual droids.). Once you’ve selected your model, the droid will be slowly spinning around, with different parts of the droid corresponding to different functions (touching the feet will select the movement function, for example).

### ACORD Sites
### Education
### Virtual Droid
### Archives/Save-files
