---
title: Stellarios Release Plans
image: /assets/img/blog/Release plans.png
categories: [hydejack, releases, robots]
description: >
  Stellarios will undergo consistent releases, with all applications undergoing updates at the same time to ensure constant compatibility. The updates are being developed by our top team of scientists at ACORD
---

Stellarios releases are located on Github, and ACORD members can download A-Stellarios (only for ACORD members) from the Gitlab Repository. Stellarios is a suite of software developed by ACORD Robotics.

## When will Stellarios come out?
We're a bit off from the official release of Stellarios, and that's because a few requirements haven't been fulfilled:

* Star Sailors: Earthlings has to be finished (Media)
* The suite itself has not been designed (Menu)
* There is no Portal app (apart from for Android devices) (Web)

However, the Games section in Stellarios 1 has been completed, as Asteroid Dodgers - Level 1 - is now finished and is ready to be played on Windows & MacOS devices.

Star Sailors will take a bit of time to finish writing, but we have finished 5 chapters out of 10, so it's not too far off.

## How will the suite work?
We're going to do a full post on the suite itself, but you have a few options depending on which platform you'll be using:

__Windows__
You can have the applications standalone (essentially separate apps in the Start Menu), however they are all accessible from a custom Rainmeter launcher. There will be a number of ways to open Stellarios from Rainmeter, as long as you install the apps to the correct location and set that location in the Rainmeter config file (there will be a video on how to do that).

You can also install [Bluestacks](http://bluestacks.com), which is a tool that allows you to emulate AndroidOS on Windows & Mac. Once you've installed it, you can set up an Android "phone" inside the app, and even install apk files and apps from the Play Store. This will allow you to use the Android version of Stellarios on Windows or Mac, and this is currently the only way you can use Stellarios on __Mac__

__Android__
There will be a set of apk files that will install themselves into a folder. All games will be inserted into a single Unity application, which will be how Stellarios will work on all platforms. With __[embedded browsers in Unity](https://www.google.com/search?client=firefox-b-d&q=browser+in+unity)__ essentially all the parts of Stellarios could be run from Unity

## Releases?
The releases will be consistent, one every month. As all the games, apps and media are part of one suite, and to ensure compatibility, Stellarios itself will be updated rather than the individual apps. For example, if we want to add a new level to Asteroid Dodgers, we would add that as part of a Stellarios update, rather than an individual Asteroid Dodgers update.

The changelogs for each release can be viewed at the [documentation](/stellarios/docs).
