---
layout: default
titlte: "Australian Space Design Finals 2019"
---


## Important
Move to stellarios\science\projects tonight

## Link (2018-19 ASDC Finals)
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vDZN80989xIKCFsXsrJhmPQESEkkTko8BKQVnpPrHrs/edit?usp=sharing

## Tasks
* Structural
* Automation
* Operations
* Human Factor

## Automation (Part 5)
### 5.3 - Automation & Liveablity
Specify automation systems to enhance liveability in the community, productivity in work environments, and
convenience in residences. Define automation systems for use in homes, and automation aids for games, sports,
entertainment, and recreation. Describe secure access to community computing assets and robot resources from homes
and workplaces, including access to automated transportation services for goods and people. Describe devices for
personal delivery of communications services, information, entertainment, computing, and robot assistance. Describe
appropriate applications of Artificial Intelligence (AI), with recognition that AIs programmed to optimise order and
harmony will conclude that getting rid of pesky humans meets the goal.


Minimum requirement: descriptions of robots and computing systems that people will encounter in Columbiat, and
diagram(s) of network(s) to enable secure connectivity.

##### Brisbane finals info
Community computing and automate home resource access through smartwatch security measures.
Smartwatches - used for security clearance, interfacing with PC and other devices, connecting to the internet, collect food, checking into & controlling workspaces.  
Automated light & door systems - lights turn on at set times, doors (public) open (proximity sensor)
Work reports and other documents sent from previous shift to smart watch
Automate domestic services (Bots4U)
Climate control for general spaces are automated, controlling humidity and atmosphere very precisely.
