---
title:  "Star Sailors"
subtitle: "Stellarios, by ACORD!"
author: "LimoDroid"
comments: true
avatar: "img/authors/5c6bea3b00589-bpfull.png"
image: "img/looping-orthographic-view-of-rotating-wireframe-model-of-curiosity-rover-displayed-specs-are-accurate-data-nasa-jpl_sut1-z7xg_thumbnail-full01.png"
date:   2019-04-19 18:12:12
---

# Stellarios

Stellarios is the official operating system and app of ACORD.  Stellarios will be designed to work on MacOS & Windows devices, and  there will be apps created for Android, iOS & Linux devices.  Stellarios is going to be a bundle of applications that will be used by  ACORD Corporation members to perform certain operations.

## 

## Applications

### 

### Droid Control App

Our droids (companion, scientific, etc) will be able to be controlled  from this part of Stellarios. Once you click on the button to send you  to the droid control app, you will select the type of droid you want to  pair with (companion, scientific), then the class (steampunk, et, etc),  then the model name (Sp-D2, a0-d2, etc.

Once you've selected your droid, you will find a cross-section diagram of your droid with different parts highlighted -

- Legs = movement
- Holoprojector = talk/message (<http://replika.ai>)
- Dome/Head = Programs

#### 

#### Dome

Clicking on the dome will zoom in on the dome and give you a number of programs -

- Battery - low battery mode. The physical droid will turn off and  send itself to your phone or device. This means you can interact with a  virtual version of your droid
- Games - games like Star Sailors. Hosted on the app, and your offline  progress sent to the servers. There will be online features too that  require an internet connection
- Science - experiments, research, tools
- Writing/Drawing/Art
- will be able to control our droids and play or games, like A0-D2 and Star Sailors
- Can interact with replika.ai

## 

## Other applications

- Other games, mini-games

Terragenesis Dragonvale Droid inventor