---
title:  "Open Source Rover"
subtitle: "Stellarios, by ACORD!"
author: "wferr"
comments: true
avatar: "img/authors/5c6bea3b00589-bpfull.png"
image: "img/looping-orthographic-view-of-rotating-wireframe-model-of-curiosity-rover-displayed-specs-are-accurate-data-nasa-jpl_sut1-z7xg_thumbnail-full01.png"
categories: robots
description: 
  Thanks to NASA & Github, we have a way to (kind of) recreate the Mars 2020 rover in our own backyard. This means we can create another branch of robots - the ones inspired by space probes and rovers. All branches can be controlled in Stellarios (see [this post](https://acord-robotics.github.io/stellarios/hydejack/releases/2019-07-31-8.5.0/) on how releases work).
date:   2019-08-10 18:12:12
---

According to NASA, the Open Source Rover is

"The JPL Open Source Rover is an open source, build it yourself, scaled down version of the 6 wheel rover design that JPL uses to explore the surface of Mars. The Open Source Rover is designed almost entirely out of consumer off the shelf (COTS) parts. This project is intended to be a teaching and learning experience for those who want to get involved in mechanical engineering, software, electronics, or robotics."

```c++
void Screen::display_state(){
  if (state == RUNNING){
    RGBmatrixPanel::drawPixel(STATE[0], STATE[1], RGBmatrixPanel::Color444(GREEN));        
  }
  else if (state == IDLE){
    RGBmatrixPanel::drawPixel(STATE[0], STATE[1], RGBmatrixPanel::Color444(RED));
  } else if (state == 0x00){
    RGBmatrixPanel::drawPixel(STATE[0], STATE[1], RGBmatrixPanel::Color444(WHITE));
  }
}
```

- A sample of the code that the OSR runs on

Stellarios is the official operating system and app of ACORD.  Stellarios will be designed to work on MacOS & Windows devices, and  there will be apps created for Android, iOS & Linux devices.  Stellarios is going to be a bundle of applications that will be used by  ACORD Corporation members to perform certain operations.

## 

## Applications

### 

### Droid Control App

Our droids (companion, scientific, etc) will be able to be controlled  from this part of Stellarios. Once you click on the button to send you  to the droid control app, you will select the type of droid you want to  pair with (companion, scientific), then the class (steampunk, et, etc),  then the model name (Sp-D2, a0-d2, etc.

Once you've selected your droid, you will find a cross-section diagram of your droid with different parts highlighted -

- Legs = movement
- Holoprojector = talk/message (<http://replika.ai>)
- Dome/Head = Programs

#### 

#### Dome

Clicking on the dome will zoom in on the dome and give you a number of programs -

- Battery - low battery mode. The physical droid will turn off and  send itself to your phone or device. This means you can interact with a  virtual version of your droid
- Games - games like Star Sailors. Hosted on the app, and your offline  progress sent to the servers. There will be online features too that  require an internet connection
- Science - experiments, research, tools
- Writing/Drawing/Art
- will be able to control our droids and play or games, like A0-D2 and Star Sailors
- Can interact with replika.ai

## 

## Other applications

- Other games, mini-games

Terragenesis Dragonvale Droid inventor



<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>

/**
*  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
*  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables*/
/*
var disqus_config = function () {
this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
};
*/
(function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
s.src = 'https://acord-robotics.disqus.com/embed.js';
s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
(d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
})();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
